this is strictly in 60 seconds your
bite-size guide to Britain's favourite
ballroom battle this week
Wembley went under a strictly makeover
six and a half thousand people fill the
arena for the show's biggest ever
ballroom extravaganza gray kicks of
events with a high-flying entrance and
the eight excited couples were eager to
entertain everyone the timing I thought
was very very good and you have gorgeous
there were judges I think the occasion
or the world do it is such a shame and
some completely missed it sockets
Dumbo springs to mind but it was the
ladies who rule the leaderboard with
Alex and Chelsea becoming Queens of the
dance floor everyone gave it their all
but it was time for one couple to come
back down to earth with a bomb
the competition is really heating up and
no one wants to leave now keep up to
date with all the street legal sits
throughout the week right here at BBC
total UK or word slash strictly